Sunraiser is the name given to the Shardblade held by King Elhokar. While there are a few differences between the various types of Shardblades, they all share a few common traits. All are larger but lighter than any normal sword, often at or approaching six feet in length, while simultaneously extremely light. All Shardblades that are bound to a specific owner can be summoned and dismissed at will. When summoned, they appear in one's hand, coalescing out of mist, with water condensing along the length of the Blade. They can appear inside liquid, shoving it out of the way, but cannot be summoned inside of a solid object. When a Blade is dismissed it also vanishes into mist. They are composed of an unknown metal that is the body of a Shard, the same type as appears on the keyhole of an Oathgate. The tensile strength of Shardblades is very high; while they can bend a small amount, Shardblades appear to be unbreakable. Shardblades are said to have a sort of magnetism to them, anyone who sees one is drawn to it. Shardblades can cut through non-living objects, such as wood or stone, as if they are passing through water. Even though they can cut through nearly any material, there is still a slight bit of resistance even when cutting through inanimate objects. When cutting through an object, Shardblades leave behind distinctive perfectly clean cuts. However, when swung at a person or other living object, the edge of the Shardblade will fuzz, leaving the physical body unharmed, and cutting the being's soul. The wielder of the Blade feels a small tug of resistance as the Blade passes through living material. If the Blade cuts the core of a person's limb, the person feels a flash of incredible pain and then the limb turns gray and becomes limp and numb. If an internal organ is pierced by a Shardblade, it may be killed or cease to function. If the Blade strikes the spine or head, the eyes of the person blacken and burn out with a dark smoke rising from them. When a person is killed this way by a Shardblade, death is not instantaneous; it often takes a few moments for the person to be completely dead. Once a person or other living thing has been killed, its remains can be cut like any other inanimate object. This applies to plants as well; it takes two swings of a Shardblade to sever a plant, one to kill the soul and another to cut it. Non-living portions of a living thing, such as hair or nails can be cut with a Shardblade before the creature itself is killed. Parts of a body that have been damaged by a Shardblade are typically referred to as Blade-dead. Blood continues to flow through them, and they do not rot.Shardblades cannot be blocked by any typical weapons or armor, but they can be halted by a few things. One Shardblade can block another Shardblade.
https://i.imgur.com/2VXbim0.jpg
https://coppermind.net/wiki/Sunraiser